fix [UIE-6942]: dbaas menu (#9762)
linode/manager: packages/manager/.changeset/pr-9762-fixed-1696961275313.md

---
"@linode/manager": Fixed
---

> Display databases menu ([#9762](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/9762))

Reviewer: Would something like this be more accurate?

```suggestion
Display Database menu items in side nav and Create dropdown for permissioned users ([#9762](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/9762))
```
